An angiogram is a test to see if your arteries are narrowed or blocked.
An Angiogram uses fluoroscopy,
essentially a “movie x-ray,” to view your arteries.
An angiogram can be done for blood vessels
anywhere in your body.
Your healthcare provider will carefully guide
a long thin tube called a catheter to the problem area.
A special dye called contrast
is introduced into your vessels.
As the contrast fills your arteries,
they become visible on x-ray,
revealing areas of narrowing or blockage.
A cardiac angiogram, or cardiac catheterization,
looks at your heart arteries.
An aortic angiogram
outlines your chest and abdominal blood vessels.
A carotid angiogram
looks at the arteries in your neck.
A renal angiogram
looks at the blood vessels to the kidneys.
And leg, iliac or groin, and popliteal
or lower leg angiograms
look at your upper and lower leg.